Now that the the categories post-road up in my plus HPF been done it's time to implement them.
And you are at this media recreating the category's component.
Let's start by opening up how shall we know is our angular Amazon or directory type and regenerate categories.
Once this is done and we serve it now open up we studio and open up at routeing would you
here we've imported the kangaroo's component and declared as a route.
Now let's open up categories component
inside the category's component with T-Clip duress API Cirus and there are Cerise and instead she them
inside a constructor.
Also created the categories workbook.
Should be use to start a list of categories which tree from the server.
So this is our energy on that matter.
We should be run every time to pitch it inside it get the list of categories from the server using the
link here the server response is then assigned to the workbook data then check if success on that is
true.
If success is true then the categories would be assigned to categories.
Else entered message from the server would be displayed if an error occurs the error message should
be displayed as well.
Moving on.
Let's open up Kangaroo's component here.
Here you've created a section that contains a container which contains the message and hitting Tex categories
here.
You've created a loading spinner.
It only shows to categorize hasn't been loaded.
The loader loading Spinner is a diff only be shown when the list of categories has been loaded instead
of a diff you create a list of links that showed the name and the links for each category.
In this we deal with query that the categories component.
Now let's take a look at what if beaute.
Let's make sure that no one is running and that open our app
Let's go to the categories page and there we have it.
You can see the list of categories that are at it and you'll create a category function along with the
category user interface.